Add Localization Api (#379)
mapbox/mapbox-maps-android: extension-localization/README.md

## Mapbox Maps Localization Plugin for Android

### Overview

The Mapbox Localization Plugin for Android is an public library for adding overlays on top of MapView. By registering overlays into Localization Plugin and providing the EdgeInsets(margins) of these overlay views, Localization Plugin can adjust the camera center location and zoom level to make sure all the important POIs(provided by `MapOverlayCoordinatesProvider`) are not covered by these overlays.

> 

Reviewer: needs to be updated, this was from MapOverlayPlugin I think.

A full overview of classes and interfaces can be found in our [API documentation](https://docs.mapbox.com/android/beta/maps/guides/).

### Getting Started

This README is intended for developers who are interested in [contributing](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to the Mapbox Localization Plugin for Android. Please visit [DEVELOPING.md](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/blob/master/DEVELOPING.md) for general information and instructions on how to use the Mapbox Maps Plugin System. To add the Localization plugin to your project, you configure its dependency in your `build.gradle` files.

```groovy
// In the root build.gradle file
// The Mapbox access token needs to a scope set to DOWNLOADS:READ
allprojects {
    repositories {
        maven {
            url 'https://api.mapbox.com/downloads/v2/releases/maven'
            authentication {
                basic(BasicAuthentication)
            }
            credentials {
                username = "mapbox"
                password = "INSERT_MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE"
            }
        }
    }
}

// In the app build.gradle file
dependencies {

>   implementation 'com.mapbox.plugin:maps-localization:10.0.0-beta.20'

Reviewer: it will be available I guess in the next release, so rc.2?

Reviewer: also worth mentioning the dependency of style extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  implementation 'com.mapbox.extension:maps-localization:10.0.0-beta.20'
```

}
```

### Example

> Customizing Mapbox Localization Plugin for Android could be done in two ways: by either providing your own version of the Localization plugin or by using the existing apis of the Localization plugin. The former is documented in [DEVELOPING.md](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/blob/master/DEVELOPING.md), the latter can be achieved with:

Reviewer: nit: we should use extension instead of plugin when referring to Mapbox Localization extension

## Mapbox Maps Localization Extension for Android

### Overview

> The Mapbox Localization PlugExtensionn for Android is an public library for localizing labels in a MapView.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Mapbox Localization Extension for Android is a public library for localising labels for a MapView.
```

> This extension library can localize the supported languaged in [mapbox-streets-v8](https://docs.mapbox.com/vector-tiles/reference/mapbox-streets-v8/#common-fields) and [mapbox-streets-v7](https://docs.mapbox.com/vector-tiles/reference/mapbox-streets-v7/#name-fields)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This extension library can localise supported languages in [mapbox-streets-v8](https://docs.mapbox.com/vector-tiles/reference/mapbox-streets-v8/#common-fields) and [mapbox-streets-v7](https://docs.mapbox.com/vector-tiles/reference/mapbox-streets-v7/#name-fields)
```

> A full overview of classes and interfaces can be found in our [API documentation](https://docs.mapbox.com/android/beta/maps/guides/).

Author: ```suggestion
A full overview of classes and interfaces can be found in our [API documentation](https://docs.mapbox.com/android/beta/maps/api-reference/).
```

> A full overview of classes and interfaces can be found in our [API documentation](https://docs.mapbox.com/android/beta/maps/guides/).

Reviewer 2: Link for API seems to be incorrect, correct one is `https://docs.mapbox.com/android/beta/maps/api-reference/`

### Getting Started

This README is intended for developers who are interested in [contributing](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to the Mapbox Localization Extension for Android. Please visit [DEVELOPING.md](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/blob/master/DEVELOPING.md) for general information and instructions on how to use the Mapbox Maps Extension System. To add the Localization Extension to your project, you configure its dependency in your `build.gradle` files.

```groovy
// In the root build.gradle file
// The Mapbox access token needs to a scope set to DOWNLOADS:READ
allprojects {
    repositories {
        maven {
            url 'https://api.mapbox.com/downloads/v2/releases/maven'
            authentication {
                basic(BasicAuthentication)
            }
            credentials {
                username = "mapbox"
                password = "INSERT_MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE"
            }
        }
    }
}

// In the app build.gradle file
dependencies {
    implementation 'com.mapbox.extension:maps-localization:10.0.0-rc.2'
}
```

### Example

> Customizing Mapbox Localization Extension for Android could be done in two ways: by either providing your own version of the Localization Extension or by using the existing apis of the Localization Extension. The former is documented in [DEVELOPING.md](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/blob/master/DEVELOPING.md), the latter can be achieved with:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Customizing Mapbox Localization Extension for Android could be done in two ways: by either providing your own version of the Localization Extension or by using the existing Localization Extension API. The former is documented in [DEVELOPING.md](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/blob/master/DEVELOPING.md), the latter can be achieved with:
```
